Patch 516 (#537)
aquasecurity/cloud-security-remediation-guides: en/azure/keyvaults/key-expiration-enabled.md

## Detailed Remediation Steps

1. Log into the Microsoft Azure Management Console.
2. In the search bar at the top search for Vaults and select "Key Vaults" from the search result. </br> <img src="/resources/azure/keyvault/key-expiration-enabled/step2.png"/>

> 3. In the Key Vaults page select a key vault by clicking on the “Name” link to access the configuration changes.</br> <img src="/resources/azure/keyvault/key-expiration-enabled/step3.png"/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. In the Key Vaults page select a key vault by clicking on the "Name" link to access the configuration changes.</br> <img src="/resources/azure/keyvault/key-expiration-enabled/step3.png"/>
```

4. Scroll down and click "Keys" from the navigation pane on the left. Then, from the list of keys, select key with no expiration date under "Expiration date" column.</br> <img src="/resources/azure/keyvault/key-expiration-enabled/step4.png"/>
5. In the key versions pane that opens, click "Rotation Policy" button at the top.</br> <img src="/resources/azure/keyvault/key-expiration-enabled/step5.png"/>
6. In the Rotation policy pane, click on the Expiry time textbox and enter 28. From the units dropdown next to the textbox, select "days".</br> <img src="/resources/azure/keyvault/key-expiration-enabled/step6.png"/>
7. Under the Rotation section, "Enable auto rotation" by selecting the "Enabled" radio button.</br> <img src="/resources/azure/keyvault/key-expiration-enabled/step7.png"/>
8. Select "Automatically renew at a given time after creation" for "Rotation option".
9. For "Rotation time" enter 18 and select "days" as the unit of time.
10. Finally, hit "Save" at the top of the pane to complete the changes.</br> <img src="/resources/azure/keyvault/key-expiration-enabled/step8.png"/>

> 11. Repeat steps 3 - 10 for all other key vaults and keys without expiration date.
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
11. Repeat step number 3 - 10 for all other key vaults and keys without expiration date.
```
